Stop.
Relax, relax.
Relax.
Put your kickstand down.
All right, where's mom and dad?
Oh, at home.
OK, have a seat.
What are you guys doing, man?
You can't be running.
Huh?
You can't be
running like that.
I wasn't running.
Both of you looked at
me with my lights on.
Yeah, and I was stopping
right here for you.
Dude, that was way back there.
That was way back up College.
Well, I didn't see
you back there then.
You guys accelerated
across the parking lot
when I hit my lights.
I actually didn't see you.
I swear.
We didn't.
I'm so sorry.
We would have stopped.
OK, have a seat, boys.
On the ground?
Yes.
Who's got a cell phone?
Just sit on your butt, man.
I don't want to
get my pants dirty.
Then sit on the grass.
Whose bike?
My friend said
I could ride it.
OK.
Well, he left it at my house.
And then he said that I
could ride it if I wanted to.
And he hasn't been
back for a few days.
OK, do you want the
good news or bad news?
I don't care.
OK, there's no good news.
OK.
OK, the bad news is you
have to have a driver's
license to ride this.
[inaudible].
There's no license plate.
Your light's not
working right here.
You didn't stop at
a stop sign, OK?
And you probably
don't have insurance.
All right, what's mom
or dad's phone number?
So we've got a possible
stolen hit on this motorcycle.
Their parents are en
route, and I'm going
to take that up with them.
Are you giving your
boys permission
to ride that motorcycle?
They said you
gave them permission
to ride on the street.
No, not supposed to be on the
street, and you know that.
[inaudible] and they
took off on it when--
What's that?
Whose bike is it?
You bought it?
So it's yours?
Who did you buy it from?
OK.
If we receive confirmation,
you're going to go
for receiving stolen property.
So you're taking me to jail?
Yes, sir, if
they confirm that.
If they come back and
say it's not confirmed,
then you haven't
anything to worry about.
Affirmative.
They're now saying
it is confirmed.
[inaudible]
What?
OK, it's confirmed stolen.
- OK.
- OK?
So he'll be on book and release.
I'll call you when he
gets to the jail, OK?
Yeah.
Any questions?
No.
I understand.
OK.
The dad admitted
that he purchased
the motorcycle for
$30, didn't receive
a title or anything like that.
And so he's going to jail for
receiving stolen property.
The mom on scene took
custody of her juvenile.
And the other one's going to
be taken to his residence.
So we just received a report
from a concerned citizen
about a vehicle that left
an apartment complex with
a possibly intoxicated driver.
Dispatch just
updated that the RP
has located the vehicle
parked at a local market
here on North Main Street.
It appears that the driver's
passed out inside the vehicle.
Center [inaudible] in the area.
Vehicle's in the parking lot.
Looks like the driver is still
sitting in the driver's seat.
So he's passed out with
a beer in his hand, so--
and we'll cite him for
parking in a handicapped spot.
You're the one who called?
We have your phone
number in the cab.
I'll give you a
call a bit later.
Did you see him driving?
Yes, yes.
Yeah, we did.
We were pulling up
to some apartments,
and he was to a friend's house.
And we actually seen him--
I mean, he couldn't walk.
He was stumbling, and even
kind of focusing with one eye.
So we call the cops.
Well, we called you guys.
And then we kind
of followed to see
more or less where he was going,
because I was just afraid--
How was his driving
when you were following?
You know what?
He looked bad, really bad.
OK.
So what I'm going
to do is I'm going
to use your statement
in order to do
the DUI investigation, OK?
Because you saw him
drive away with it.
Yeah.
[inaudible]
All right.
OK.
Thank you.
What's up, Chief?
Got it?
Yeah, I was just waiting for
cover because he's zonked out,
yeah.
[interposing voices]
I got you covered.
We got an RP, said they
saw him stumble to his car,
drive out of the
apartment complex,
and they located him here.
We pulled up.
He was just like this.
So--
Yeah.
[speaking spanish]
Come on.
Step out.
OK, he's going to come
out himself, he says.
[speaking spanish]
[inaudible] I got
one detain for DUI.
Stepping out, you could tell he
was very unsteady on his feet.
There was a strong
odor of alcohol coming
from his breath in person.
And it was apparent that
he was highly intoxicated.
He stated he wants to
give us a breath test.
We'll find out just how much
alcohol he has on board.
Ready?
Good job.
Just got it.
Volume there.
Yeah.
They need 210 liters.
Yep, good.
So after doing
both breath tests,
his first breath
test was a 0.21.
His second was a 0.20.
So he's almost three
times the legal limit.
So now we're responding
to a call of a subject
armed with a handgun.
Two officers are on scene.
And it appears to be
they located the subject.
So right now they
have them at gunpoint.
Unknown if they're cooperative.
Frank 497.
Yeah, no problem.
In just a second.
Let everybody stand up, OK?
Hold on, man.
That's awesome.
So, dude in the black shirt,
black shirt closest to us,
go ahead and stand up slowly.
Yeah, stand up slowly.
Keep your hands in the air.
Now walk towards us, or
just walk towards us.
Center, 2 Frank 4.
Our final is going to be
[inaudible] and [inaudible]..
We're facing northbound
on [inaudible],,
and we have a [inaudible].
Come here.
Sit over here.
Hang on.
Just stay down, man.
We'll tell you when
you get up, OK?
Black shirt?
Black shirt, go
ahead and stand up.
Hands all the way in the air.
Don't-- don't-- yeah, just
keep your hands up, man.
Anybody have a gun on them?
How do the neighbors know
it's going to be a toy gun?
People can't differentiate
between a real gun
and a CO2 gun, you know?
That's why you've
got to be careful.
So right now, we--
We got one.
Hey, this looks like a Glock,
man, or it's a Glock replica,
like exactly.
He says it's Airsoft.
Airsoft Glock replica?
Hey, Dave, if you
can ask them if it's
just going to be the one fake?
Why are you guys
walking around with that?
Because if I was driving by--
and I know someone called you
in-- but if I was driving,
I saw you with that gun,
same exact thing would happen.
And if you guys
aren't as cooperative,
you don't immediately
put it down,
I guarantee you I
would've shot you.
That looks identical
to a real gun.
Keep that thing in your house.
Your buddy's going
to stay in the car.
And you guys are all good to go.
Not in our car.
It's staying in your car.
Yeah, we're not keeping it.
That's all good.
Just keep it at
your house, man.
[inaudible] in our car.
Yeah, that's--
All right, man.
See you later.
[interposing voices]
I appreciate you guys.
Thank you so much.
All right, you
guys have a good one.
You guys have a good one.
It was a replica firearm.
So it looked identical
to an actual firearm.
And we've had several
shootings, including
officer-involved shootings,
that have been with firearms
that turned out to be fake.
So hopefully, they
learned from that,
and they won't be carrying
around the fake firearm,
waving it in the air anymore.
So we're going to stop
this car in front of us.
Just ran the license plate, and
the registration is expired.
And it shows the-- not
have any insurance.
So just have a quick
chat with the driver,
and see if they're having
some trouble with that.
Good evening.
Hey, I'm Deputy Johnson
with the Williams
County Sheriff's Office.
Do you know the reason I
stopped you tonight, bud?
Yeah, the registration's out.
No big deal or anything.
Let me ask you a
real quick question.
I'll be cool with you.
You be cool with me, OK?
Do you smoke weed in this car?
OK, so because I kind
of got a whiff of it.
And I'm not saying you
got any or anything.
I mean, yeah.
You got a little bit?
Ain't no big deal.
You're going to give it to me?
OK.
No weapons or anything, right?
OK, cool.
Let me-- let me--
OK.
OK, cool.
What I'm going to do is I'm
going to have you step out.
I'm going to detain you, but
you're not under arrest, OK?
No weapons or anything on you?
OK, like I said, right now,
you're just being detained.
You're not under arrest, OK?
OK, what I want you to do right
now is have a seat on the curb
right there for me.
All right, cool.
Here, I'm going to help you
down so you don't hurt yourself.
I'll tell you what,
man, not often
do you stop somebody who's
as honest as you've been.
You know what I'm saying?
Real talk, a lot of times people
are like, man, I don't know.
I ain't got nothing.
Why you--
I appreciate that.
As soon as you roll
down the window,
I could smell a pretty
strong odor of marijuana.
But he was real
cool, real honest.
He even handed me the weed,
real small amount of marijuana.
So all I'm going to do right now
is make sure he's not wanted,
see if his license is good.
And then if that's the case,
I'll just cut him a ticket.
Yeah, you ain't
wanted or nothing, dawg.
I can't find a license
for you, though.
Bro, bro, bro, you're the
most honest dude I ever--
All right, here's what I'm
going to do for you, man.
You've been real cool with me.
I appreciate honesty.
I told you honesty
goes a long way, OK?
So I ain't going to take
you to jail tonight.
- Ticket?
- Yeah.
I'm going to cut you a
ticket, but I'm going to do
you one bigger solid than that.
I'm going to cut you a class
C ticket for possession
of drug paraphernalia.
I'm going to submit that
weed for destruction.
All right, go ahead
and stand up for me.
OK, so we let him off
and just gave him a ticket.
This is the thing.
If you're honest with
us, this is how it goes.
So just be honest with us,
and we'll be cool with you.
This car right here was
going 62 in a 35 over there.
Just want to see what's going
on, why they're going so fast--
also didn't have a seat belt on.
Hey, stay in the car, sir.
Stay in the car, sir.
Get back in the car.
What are you doing?
All right, come here.
Stand over here.
What do you need to go
to the hospital for?
237 City.
Lean against here.
City, start an ambulance.
I stopped a car.
He was trying to get to the
hospital with an injury.
We're in the Bingo
parking lot, 44th,
just to the west of
I35, 44th Street.
What did you do, man?
Good
OK.
Sit down and put your feet up.
I'm going to get some
stuff to fix your leg.
Not on my car.
Are you drunk?
You sure?
Sit on the ground.
Sit tight for me.
I'm going to get some
stuff to put on that.
What you do it at, bro?
That's that way.
So explain to me something.
If it happened this
way, then why are
you over here driving this way?
I was going to the hospital.
So I think he might be 88.
Here, put that on it.
Something's weird.
I mean, yeah.
He's hurt.
It sucks.
We all respond a little
differently to it.
But he's pretty out of it.
So it seems like something a
little different than that.
It looks like there's a knife
in the door panel over there.
I don't know what
might be up with that.
He said the injury happened
over there about two miles.
But he was going this direction.
So it didn't add up.
It's trashed with
work stuff, alcohol.
I don't know if he uses this car
every day for his personal use,
too, and the company just
doesn't care or what.
But I mean, like, I
don't know why you'd need
so many condoms in a work car.
Hey, sir.
So have you had any of that
alcohol that was sitting
on the passenger floorboard?
No.
It was there Thursday.
Was there Thursday?
There's one of the
beers was still open,
or was open and had
a liquid in it still.
So you just roll around
with an open container
for a couple days?
No.
I have no idea.
It was there on Thursday.
I was going to clean it out,
but my leg started swelling,
and I was getting to
the hospital right now.
OK.
He has thick, slurred
speech, red, watery eyes.
I mean he's starting to get
the build-up right here.
[inaudible]?
He's kind of
slobbering on himself.
I didn't get real close to him.
So if it is, it's faint.
But also, I poured
that beer out,
so I kind of smelled it already.
Aaron's going to go check on
the driver back at the hospital
once he gets there.
And then try a little quieter,
more controlled environment,
try to figure out if he
thinks he's impaired or not.
He's already got some
suspicions of it,
but obviously wants
to confirm it.
So he's not under
arrest at this point.
Aaron's going to
go to the hospital
and talk to him a bit more.
Then he'll find out
for sure over there.
10-4.
We have to go re-lodge
this storm drain.
That should be quite a task.
These storm drains are
actually pretty heavy,
so I don't know if I'm
going to be able to do it.
You seen a storm drain
loose around here?
Yeah, right over on there.
Right over here.
Yep.
Oh, that's not good.
303.
Can we get somebody
from highway out here?
There is a giant hole right in
the middle of the playground.
It looks like the cover
was pushed into the bottom
of the storm drain.
10-4.
Do you think you
could lift that up?
I don't know.
Think you can?
No, there's nobody in there.
What's that?
I said, are you about to
head in there or something?
We're going to
have to, and try
to get that cover out of there.
You want us to help you?
Think you can?
I guess.
Yeah.
All right, we'll see.
If I can get it
out-- what's that?
Did it fall in, like
all the way down there?
Yeah, you see it?
See it all right there?
Looks like someone pushed it in.
Has it been like that since
you guys have been here?
I think so.
Really?
[inaudible].
No, I'll go in.
I'll go in there.
You sure?
Don't get bit
by no alligators.
Hopefully not.
Oh, my god.
[inaudible]
[inaudible].
304.
Responding to the fire.
Yeah, that's not
going to happen.
I don't think I'm going to
be able to get that out.
It's pretty heavy.
Two little kids go
down there [inaudible]..
No.
Nobody go down
there, god forbid.
I'm telling you.
That thing weighs like a small
Volkswagen. It's pretty heavy.
It's all cast iron.
It's pretty heavy.
What if we all just grabbed
the grate and pull it out?
[bleep]
You think we could?
Probably.
Who's my strongest guys?
Him.
I'm going to guess him.
[inaudible]
Do you think you're strong?
[interposing voices]
It's definitely these two.
You think so?
You guys think we can
MacGyver something?
Huh?
Do you guys even
know what MacGyver is?
Oh, probably not.
[inaudible]?
[interposing voices]
Pull it up.
Ready?
Oh, Oh.
Yeah, J.J.
[interposing voices]
So the trick is you
put it on diamond,
then you turn it so
it doesn't fall in.
There you go.
Oh.
Look at that,
community teamwork.
Thank you, guys.
Appreciate it.
All right, well,
able to get it--
get the storm drain back
in with a little help
from the community.
So job well done.